(camera shutter clicking)
(Alex) I'M NOT BIG
INTO CHANGE.
(clicking continues)
(Alana) OKAY, GREAT.
UM, NOW LET'S JUST TRY A FEW
WHERE YOU'RE ACTUALLY SMILING.
IN ONCOLOGY,
WHEN A NORMAL CELL
CHANGES INTO
SOMETHING MALIGNANT,
IT'S CALLED
CELLULAR TRANSFORMATION.
LOOK, I DON'T EVEN WANT TO BE
THE HOSPITAL MASCOT,
WHATEVER YOU DO--
BRAND AMBASSADOR,
AND YOU HAVEN'T
BEEN APPOINTED YET.
YOU'RE JUST
A VERY STRONG CONTENDER.
HANDSOME, GOOD WITH KIDS...
(clicks keyboard key)
JUST WHAT THE BUYERS WANT.
I'M OUTTA HERE.
THE DAMN CELLS TURN TOXIC
RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYES.
SO AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED...
LOOK, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
SOME PUBLIC RELATIONS REPS
FOLLOWING YOU AROUND TOMORROW.
(door closes)
TRY AND BE CIVIL.
TRANSFORMATION SUCKS.
BRAND AMBASSADOR?
WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?
YOU GET
TO WEAR A FUNNY HAT
AND CUT THINGS
WITH OVERSIZED SCISSORS?
(mouth full) ALL I KNOW IS,
CAHILL CREEPS ME OUT.
THAT CREEPS ME OUT.
♪♪♪
WHO COMES OVER
TO SOMEBODY ELSE'S HOUSE
AND STARTS SUCKING FACE?
YOU INVITED 'EM.
(creaking, laughter,
objects crashing)
WHAT'S THAT?
WE ARE DIRECTLY UNDERNEATH
YANG'S ROOM,
AND OWEN'S VISITING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
(Cristina laughs)
OH.
(person howls)
IS THAT HIM OR HER?
DO NAPKINS WORK AS EARPLUGS?
(Cristina speaks indistinctly)
(Owen) MM. (laughs)
(imitates wolf howling)
(barking)
(Cristina speaking indistinctly)
OHH.
WHAT THE HELL?
(imitates monkey screeching)
(Cristina moans)
YOU'RE NUTS. (laughs)
(laughs and barks)
(growls)
(Cristina speaking indistinctly)
(roars)
WHAT IS THAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
A GIRAFFE. DINOSAUR.
(growling)
(barking)
(howls)
(imitates monkey)
(continues growling)
(laughs)
(both laugh)
(howls)
(barks and growls)
(barks)
(Alex) FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME,
JO AND I
ARE NOT INTO EACH OTHER.
OH, PLEASE.
YOU AND PONYTAIL-McGEE WERE
CANINES IN HEAT LAST NIGHT.
(sighs)
LITERALLY.
TOLD YOU THEY WERE
DOING IT, AVERY.
PAY UP.
(scoffs)
I DON'T LIKE HIM
LIKE THAT.
GUYS DON'T JUST HANG OUT
WITH GIRLS.
IT'S NOT IN THEIR D.N.A.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
OKAY, IT'S TRUE.
(Cristina) YOU TWO ARE, LIKE,
ONE DRINK AWAY
FROM CRAZY MONKEY SEX.
JUST STUFF HER TURKEY.
YOU'LL FEEL BETTER.
(Alex) I FEEL FINE.
LOOK, I'M NOT SCREWING
MY EX EVERY NIGHT
AND I'M NOT TAKING ADVANTAGE
OF INTERNS...
(laughs)
ON SOMEONE ELSE'S SOFA.
YOU'RE GONNA PAY TO HAVE
THAT THING DISINFECTED.
NOT TAKING ADVANTAGE.
IT'S A REALLY NICE SOFA, THOUGH.
HEY, APES.
HEY, HERE'S A QUESTION.
UM, WHAT EVER HAPPENED
TO GOOD OLD-FASHIONED
ROMANCE?
NO STUFFING OF TURKEYS
OR DISINFECTING SOFAS,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
WHAT ABOUT NICE NORMAL DATES
WHERE PEOPLE TALK,
SHARE A MEAL,
GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER,
AND THEN WIND UP TOGETHER,
NOT BECAUSE THEY'RE MONKEYS,
BUT BECAUSE THEY HAVE
GENUINE FEELINGS
IN A COMMITTED WAY.
I MEAN, WHAT IS SO WRONG
WITH THAT, HUH?
(people speaking indistinctly)
ARE YOU GONNA EAT
ALL OF THOSE?
Y-- UNH--
(Matthew) I LIKE THIS,
SEEING YOU EVERY MORNING.
IT'S, UH, IT'S NICE.
(April) YEAH, IT IS.
IT'S REALLY NICE.
(emergency radio chatter)
I FEEL BAD, THOUGH.
I MEAN, YOU GUYS
SHOULDN'T EVEN BE HERE
NOW THAT THE E.R.
IS CLOSED.
NICOLE'S JUST STANDING
OUT THERE. (chuckles)
(sighs)
OH.
YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT
YOUR SEAT BACK?
AREN'T YOU COLD?
MY BURRITO
WILL KEEP ME WARM.
(radio chirps)
(chuckles)
(emergency radio chatter
continues)
(exhales)
YOU OKAY?
YOU SEEM A LITTLE OFF.
YEAH.
I WORKED ALL NIGHT.
DO YOU...
DO YOU KNOW HOW BORING
A NIGHT SHIFT IS
WITH NO INCOMING TRAUMAS?
I WAS PRAYING SOMEONE'S
APPENDIX WOULD BURST
JUST TO KEEP ME AWAKE.
(chuckles)
I--HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO
TRAIN TO BE A TRAUMA SURGEON
WITH NO E.R.,
NO TRAUMA?
I'M SORRY.
I'M, UH, TIRED
AND I'M VENTING.
(radio beeps)
(man)
Dispatch to Unit 33,
We've got a 55-year-old male
with chest pain,
prior M.I.,
near Pioneer Square. Over.
UNIT 33 RESPONDING.
(beep)
YOU HAVE TO GO ALREADY?
I'M AFRAID SO.
(sighs)
OKAY.
HEY, UH...
YOU WANT TO COME, TOO?
(Alex) YOU'RE WITH ME
ALL DAY?
WE JUST WANT TO GET TO KNOW
WHO YOU ARE, DR. KAREV.
SEE YOU IN YOUR ELEMENT.
IT'S IMPORTANT WE CHOOSE
JUST THE RIGHT AMBASSADOR
FOR OUR BRAND.
YOUR BRAND? THIS HOSPITAL
ISN'T A LUXURY CAR.
HOLD PLEASE.
(camera shutter clicking)
UH, GOOD MORNING,
DR. KAREV.
PRE-ROUNDS WENT WELL.
GOT YOUR SCANS.
DO YOU WANT TO TELL ME
WHO THE CREEPY LADY IS
TAKING OUR PHOTO?
UH, I'M AMRITA.
I DO PUBLIC IMAGE ASSESSMENT
FOR PEGASUS HORIZONS.
THEY'RE BUYING THE HOSPITAL,
AND THEY WANT A FACE
TO SLAP ON SOME POSTERS.
(clicking continues)
AND THEY CHOSE YOU?
(elevator bell dings)
(people speaking indistinctly)
MAYA NOEL, 13 DAYS OLD
WITH GASTROSCHISIS
AND STAGED SILO REPAIR.
SHE WAS BORN WITH HER INTESTINES
OUTSIDE OF HER BODY.
THEY'VE BEEN TOO SWOLLEN
TO FIT BACK INSIDE.
IS THAT... AM I
LOOKING AT A BAG OF ORGANS?
WE'VE BEEN GRADUALLY COMPRESSING
THE ORGANS A LITTLE BIT EACH DAY
TO HELP THEM FIT
BACK INSIDE THE BODY.
IMAGINE GOING TWO WEEKS WITHOUT
GETTING TO HOLD YOUR OWN BABY.
(Alex) WELL, GOOD NEWS.
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE FINALLY GONNA
BE ABLE TO CLOSE HER UP.
TODAY IS THE DAY.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
(laughs)
HOLD PLEASE.
(camera shutter clicking)
THANKS, GUYS.
IF I COULD JUST HAVE YOU
SIGN THIS RELEASE.
YEAH.
THESE ARE REAL PEOPLE
WITH SICK KIDS.
THIS IS NOT A PHOTO OP.
I WAS JUST TRYING--
LOOK, I DON'T CARE,
ALL RIGHT?
THE NEXT KID
I'M ABOUT TO GO SEE
IS A VERY SENSITIVE CASE.
ALL RIGHT?
YOU DON'T SAY A WORD.
YOU DO NOT TAKE A PHOTO.
YOU'RE A SHADOW,
A FREAKING SHADOW. GOT IT?
PROTECTIVE OF YOUR PATIENTS.
PASSIONATE. I LIKE IT.
FORGET IT.
YOU'RE WAITING IN THE HALL.
(people speaking indistinctly)
(camera shutter clicks)
GREAT. GREAT.
NOW IF YOU COULD JUST...
(sighs)
MOVE A LITTLE CLOSER
TO HER--HIM.
OH, I-I'M THE HIM.
SHE'S THE HER.
I-I--NO, I WAS BORN A HER,
AND JESS WAS A HIM.
I GET IT'S CONFUSING.
YEAH.
(sighs) YOU'RE KIDDING.
CAHILL'S GOT MORE
OF YOU GUYS TRAILING ME?
HE'S "TRAILING ME."
IT'S FOR THIS
BRAND AMBASSADOR THING
OR SOMETHING.
IT'S NOT A--
NOT A BIG DEAL.
JUST, UH, WE'LL BE DONE
IN A SEC.
READY?
ONE, TWO, AND THREE.
(clicks)
HOW'S THAT?
YOU REALLY THINK IT'S OKAY
TO LET THESE PEOPLE
IN HERE?
THE PATIENT'S FINE
WITH IT.
IF HE GETS TO STAY,
I GET TO STAY.
IT'S THE AMBASSADOR THING.
YOU THINK THIS KID
MAKES YOU LOOK GOOD.
I ALWAYS LOOK GOOD.
WE'RE AT U.W. TOGETHER.
I'M A SOPHOMORE,
AND BRIAN'S A FRESHMAN.
AND IS THAT
WHERE YOU MET?
UH, ACTUALLY, NO.
UH, DR. KAREV INTRODUCED US.
A FEW YEARS AGO,
I BOOKED AN APPOINTMENT
TO SEE HOW OLD
I HAD TO BE TO,
YOU KNOW, START THE PROCESS.
HE WAS 14.
AND, UH, DR. KAREV
TOLD ME
ABOUT THIS
TRANSGENDER SUPPORT GROUP.
THAT'S WHERE JESS AND I MET.
BRIAN WALKED IN
THAT FIRST DAY,
AND ALL I COULD THINK WAS,
OH, MY GOD.
HE'S SO CUTE.
(giggles)
I THOUGHT
HE'D NEVER NOTICE ME.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
NOT TO NOTICE YOU.
I'VE BEEN SAVING UP FOR THIS
EVER SINCE THAT APPOINTMENT.
WELL, DR. KAREV, YOU REALLY
CHANGED BRIAN'S LIFE.
WELL, YOU COULD ALSO SAY THAT
I'M CHANGING BRIAN'S LIFE,
TODAY, IN SURGERY,
WHERE I'LL BE
TAKING THE LEAD.
(man) AND WHAT IS
TODAY'S SURGERY EXACTLY?
A FULL GENDER REASSIGNMENT?
OH, NO. UH,
NOTHING THAT DRASTIC YET.
TODAY WE'RE JUST
CHOPPING OFF MY BOOBS.
ALL RIGHT, ENOUGH QUESTIONS.
UH, EDWARDS, WILSON,
TAKE THESE GUYS OUTSIDE.
MM.
JACKSON AVERY AS THE NEW FACE
OF SEATTLE GRACE...
(chuckles)
NOW THAT MAKES SENSE.
ALEX ALSO MAKES SENSE.
IF YOU WANT A FACE
THAT'S UNSHAVEN
AND SWEATING LIGHT BEER.
(door opens)
YOU'VE GOT THIS
IN THE BAG.
WALK WITH ME.
HERE'S WHAT I KNOW.
THEY LIKE AVERY'S LOOKS
AND THEY LIKE HIS NAME.
NOW YOU DON'T HAVE
EITHER OF THOSE.
GEE, THANKS.
(whispering)
BUT YOU HAVE AFRICA.
LEAD WITH AFRICA.
HE'S A SCRAPPER AND A FIGHTER.
NOW SOME PEOPLE
FIND THAT CHARMING,
BUT YOU'RE AN AVERY.
USE IT. OWN IT.
IMPRESS THEM.
THEY WANT TO BE IMPRESSED.
AND I SAW YOUR BREAKFAST.
YOUR BRAIN CAN'T FUNCTION
ON POWDERED SUGAR.
HERE.
OH, YOU JUST CARRY THOSE
AROUND IN YOUR POCKET?
(indistinct conversations)
EVERY TIME I TOUCH THIS THING,
IT DELETES ANOTHER PATIENT.
(touch screen clicking)
(error tone beeps)
IT DELETES A PATIENT?
I DID THE EXACT SAME THING
THIS MORNING.
(beep)
HERE. LET ME SEE...
(clicking)
SOMETHING.
WHO ARE YOUR STALKERS?
OH, UH, THE NEW GUYS
ARE LOOKING FOR
A HOSPITAL SHOW PONY--
A FACE FOR THE BROCHURE.
YEAH, KAREV'S MY COMPETITION.
MM. IF YOU CAN CALL IT THAT.
(chuckles) YOU CAN'T.
BITE ME, PRETTY BOY.
AND WHY ARE THERE NO WOMEN
IN THE RUNNING?
OH, THERE WAS.
I TURNED THEM DOWN.
THIS FACE ONLY GOES
ON THE NOBEL BROCHURE.
(laughs)
(touch screen clicks)
(Alana) AND HERE WE HAVE
A FULLY CENTRALIZED
ELECTRONIC RECORDS SYSTEM.
EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW
ABOUT ANY CLIENT AT ANYTIME.
(clicking)
SMART, STREAMLINED, EFFICIENT--
OH, EFFICIENT.
IT WOULD BE MORE EFFICIENT
IF IT DIDN'T KEEP DELETING
MY PATIENTS.
(clicks, beeps)
SING IT, GREY.
DON'T ENCOURAGE HER.
WHY NOT?
CAHILL DESERVES IT.
THIS MORNING SHE GAVE ME
THIS WHOLE LOAD OF CRAP
ABOUT HOW TO TALK
TO THE BUYERS.
EMPHASIZE SPORTS MEDICINE.
DON'T EMPHASIZE MY RESEARCH.
SHE DOESN'T WANT ANYTHING
TO JEOPARDIZE THE SALE,
AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU.
(Richard) RESEARCH IS RISKY.
MM-HMM.
THE SUITS DON'T LIKE IT.
WHEREAS, IF YOU'VE GOT
THE SEAHAWKS AS PATIENTS...
(Callie) AH. SHE DOESN'T
CALL 'EM "PATIENTS."
SHE CALLS 'EM "CLIENTS,"
LIKE WE'RE, UH,
OH, I DON'T KNOW,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
LOOK HAPPY.
MAYBE WE'LL BE HAPPY.
(chuckles)
THEIR BENEFITS PACKAGE SAYS
THEY HAVE DENTAL,
INCLUDING ORTHODONTICS.
NOW I HAPPEN TO HAVE
A FAMILY HISTORY
OF VERY STRAIGHT TEETH,
BUT TUCK MAY GROW UP
AND NEED BRACES.
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT IF HE DOES,
THEY HAVE DENTAL.
THAT'S--I'M JUST GONNA
FOCUS ON THAT.
NO, NO, NO.
WE CANNOT SETTLE.
WE HAVE TO RISE UP
AND WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
(inhales)
YOU'VE DONE PLENTY.
(people speaking indistinctly)
MAYBE THOSE OF US
FROM THE PLANE
SHOULD KEEP OUR HEADS DOWN
FOR A WHILE.
(huffs)
AM I CRAZY?
I MEAN, AM I THE ONLY ONE
THAT THINKS
THESE... WONKS
ARE GONNA DESTROY THE PLACE?
NO.
YOU'RE NOT CRAZY AT ALL.
I JUST FELT LIKE,
WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR WOULD I BE
IF I DIDN'T TRY TO HELP OUT
ALL THOSE AFRICAN KIDS.
IT TAKES A LOT OF DEDICATION
TO GET A PROGRAM LIKE THAT
OFF THE GROUND.
(tablet error tone beeps)
THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
YOU PUT THESE IDEAS
INTO HER HEAD.
HIS HEAD.
AND WHILE I DO SUPPORT
THE DECISION,
BELIEVE ME, HE CAME TO IT
ALL ON HIS OWN.
SHE'S BARELY
OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL...
HE.
FOR GOD SAKE.
SHE IS A CHILD!
HE.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW
WHAT SHE WANTS!
HE! HE!
JESS, IS EVERYTHING OKAY HERE?
ARE YOU THE ONE?
WHAT?
ARE YOU THE ONE...
WHO WANTS TO HACK
MY LITTLE GIRL INTO PIECES?!
(camera shutter clicking)
HEY, HEY, CALM DOWN.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
(clicks)
(instrumental music playing)
(woman) PEGASUS...
RACING YOU
TO A BRIGHTER TOMORROW.
(Callie) OH.
I'M GONNA HURL.
(chuckles)
MM. CLICK THERE
WHERE IT SAYS "HOSPITALS."
HOLY CRAP.
THEY MUST OWN HALF
THE HOSPITALS IN THE COUNTRY.
THEY'RE THE GUYS WHO BOUGHT OUT
PORTLAND GEN LAST YEAR.
RIGHT THERE.
HEY.
HEY, LOOK AT THIS.
"HAND IN HAND,
WE'LL WALK TOGETHER,
PARTNERS ON THE ROAD
TO YOUR BRIGHTER TOMORROW."
THIS IS WHO'S BUYING US.
THAT'S A CUTE LOGO.
SOFIA WOULD LIKE IT.
SHE LIKES HORSES.
IT'S NOT A HORSE.
IT'S A PEGASUS.
AND IT WANTS
TO HOLD YOUR HAND.
HMM?
THIS WEB SITE HAS
NOT ONE TANGIBLE PIECE
OF INFORMATION
ABOUT THE COMPANY
OR HEALTH CARE.
WHY DOESN'T THIS BOTHER YOU?
IT DOES,
BUT THEY'RE BUYING US.
AND WE ARE ALL ABOUT TO
GALLOP DOWN THE ROAD
TOWARDS A BRIGHTER TOMORROW.
(Callie) OHH-HO.
SO, YOU KNOW,
COOL YOUR HEELS.
CHILL OUT. THERE'S NOTHING
WE CAN DO ABOUT IT.
SHE JUST TOLD ME
TO COOL MY HEELS.
HAVE YOU EVER KNOWN ME
TO COOL MY HEELS?
HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT A ROAD TRIP?
I'M SORRY.
I... LOST MY COOL.
YOU THINK?
IT'S JUST, I LEARNED ABOUT
THIS SURGERY LAST NIGHT
IN AN E-MAIL.
I MEAN, A STUPID E-MAIL.
I HAD NO IDEA ABOUT...
ANY OF THIS.
GUYS, YOU CAN GO.
(security radio chatter)
WE'RE FINE HERE.
SCRAM.
MM-HMM.
(security radio chatter
continues)
LET'S GO.
(man speaks indistinctly)
(sighs)
A SURGERY LIKE THIS
IS A BIG ADJUSTMENT
FOR ANY PARENT,
LET ALONE IF YOU'RE HEARING
ABOUT IT FOR THE FIRST TIME.
SO LET'S JUST TAKE A BREATH
AND...
(Brian) DAD.
(metal clinks)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
(people speaking indistinctly)
HI.
MY NAME'S CALLIOPE...
T--
PLANT...
TAIN.
PLANTAIN.
AND THIS IS...
MY HUSBAND.
UM, UH... JULIO PLANTAIN.
AND HE NEEDS A DOCTOR.
CAN I SEE SOME I.D.?
HE HAS CHEST PAIN.
(pants)
YEAH.
SO BY THE END
OF THIS SEMINAR,
I EXPECT ALL OF YOU
TO BE ABLE TO PERFORM
BASIC WOUND CLOSURES
USING THE INTERRUPTED
2-LAYER TECHNIQUE.
I DON'T LIKE THAT GUY
IN THE BACK.
I CAN FEEL HIM
WATCHING ME.
NO, IT'S JUST ME.
I LIKE TO LOOK AT YOU.
QUICK QUESTION, DR. AVERY.
DO YOU USE THIS TECHNIQUE
MORE OFTEN
WHEN YOU PERFORM BUTT LIFTS
OR BREAST IMPLANTS?
(Stephanie) ACTUALLY,
ISN'T THIS THE TECHNIQUE
YOU USED TO ATTACH THE FACE
ON TO YOUR LAST
FACE TRANSPLANT PATIENT?
WELL, I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY
DONE--
SIDEBAR. WHAT DO YOU FIND
MORE FULFILLING--
LIPOSUCTION
OR BODY SCULPTING?
SIDEBAR. ISN'T IT TRUE
YOU'VE COMPLETED
MORE SUCCESSFUL SKIN GRAFTS
THAN ANY OTHER DOCTOR
IN THIS HOSPITAL?
UM... YEAH.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SAVING YOUR ASS. YOU HIT
A ROCK AND YOU'RE SINKING.
ICEBERG AHEAD, CAPTAIN.
LARRY.
YOU KNOW, WE'VE GOT
A FREE STATION RIGHT OVER HERE
IF YOU WANT TO TRY YOUR HAND
AT SOME ACTUAL SURGERY.
(chuckles)
PLEASE.
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
OH, EXCUSE ME ONE MOMENT.
(beeps)
HAVE A SEAT, PLEASE.
(Jackson) What's up? I'm kind of
in the middle of something.
I KNOW AND I SWEAR
I WOULDN'T CALL
UNLESS IT WERE AN EMERGENCY.
LOOK, I DID A RIDE ALONG TODAY,
AND WE GOT THIS CALL--A KID,
ABOUT 10 YEARS OLD, HIT AND RUN.
DAMN IT.
HE'S STILL LOCKED DOWN.
We can't intubate.
Can you ventilate him?
BARELY. HIS SATs
ARE STILL IN THE GUTTER.
OKAY,
LET'S GET HIM BACKBOARDED.
WE NEED TO LOAD AND GO.
SEATTLE PRES IS SLAMMED,
so they're diverting us
to Redmond,
but that's an hour away,
and this kid... (sighs)
HE DOESN'T HAVE AN HOUR,
JACKSON. HE DOESN'T.
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
HOW ARE HIS VITALS?
BAD. WE'VE GOT NO AIRWAY.
I CAN'T CRIKE.
HE'S GOT SUB-Q EMPHYSEMA.
HE WILL DIE EN ROUTE
IF WE HAVE TO GO WAY OUT THERE.
HE WILL DIE.
ARE YOU ASKING
WHAT I THINK YOU'RE ASKING?
(siren wailing,
emergency radio chatter)
IF I AM, WILL YOU DO IT?
AND A FEW YEARS AGO,
WE RENOVATED THE WAITING ROOM
TO PROVIDE--
CHIEF, A MOMENT, PLEASE.
GIVE ME A MOMENT.
(indistinct conversations)
(sighs) KEPNER'S CALLING
WITH A HIT-AND-RUN KID.
HE'S IN BAD SHAPE.
WAIT. KEPNER'S IN THE FIELD?
THEY DIVERTED HER TO REDMOND.
OKAY? WE'RE CLOSER. MUCH CLOSER.
SO I CAN ARRANGE--
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
WE ARE NOT
A TRAUMA CENTER ANYMORE.
IF WE TAKE THEM IN,
AND SOMETHING HAPPENS TO THEM--
CHIEF, IT'S A KID.
PROTOCOL DICTATES
THE PATIENT GOES
TO THE NEAREST TRAUMA CENTER,
AND THAT'S NOT US.
I'M SORRY.
(indistinct conversations
continue)
YOU NEED TO GET BACK
TO THE SEMINAR.
AND YOU HAVE TO
STEP IT UP.
WHAT DO YOU NEED,
A PEP TALK, TOUGH LOVE?
(chuckles)
NO AMOUNT OF TOUGH LOVE IS GONNA
MAKE UP FOR THE BABIES...
(cell phone chimes)
ALEX SAVES
ON A DAILY BASIS.
CAN I TRUST YOU?
WHY DO I HAVE TO BE
THE PATIENT?
'CAUSE YOU LOOK
THE PART.
OH,
AND I'M NATURALLY VIVACIOUS.
YEAH, "MANIC'S" MORE A WORD
FOR IT. (clears throat)
I'M SO SORRY FOR THE WAIT.
WE'RE GONNA GET A DOCTOR TO YOU
JUST AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
WELL, IT REALLY WASN'T
A WAIT.
EW. WOW. YOU'RE A HAPPY ONE,
AREN'T YOU?
HE'S UP THERE, TOO.
HMM?
UGH.
(laughs)
(whispers)
OH, GOD. IT'S LIKE...
HELLO, I'M DR. MATTOO. YOU CAN
CALL ME KAN IF YOU'D LIKE.
YOU WOULDN'T BE HERE
IF YOU WEREN'T EXPERIENCING
SOME PAIN OR DISCOMFORT.
I APOLOGIZE IF WE
EXACERBATED THAT WITH A WAIT.
UH, WE GOT HERE, LIKE,
HALF A MINUTE AGO. (chuckles)
IT'S...
(Richard chuckles)
OKAY, MR. PLANTAIN.
UH, IT'S LIKE THE FRUIT.
IT'S CUBAN.
CAN YOU SPELL THAT
FOR ME?
UM, P-L-A-N...
UH, T-A-I-N.
(touch screen clicking)
WELL, MR. PLANTAIN,
WE KNOW YOU HAVE
A LOT OF OPTIONS FOR
YOUR HEALTH CARE MANAGEMENT,
AND WE ARE HONORED THAT
YOU'VE CHOSEN US TODAY.
IT'S MY PLEASURE.
SAW YOUR E.K.G.
IT LOOKS PRETTY GOOD.
HOW ARE
YOU FEELING TODAY?
UH, WELL, UH, DR. KAN,
UH, YOU KNOW,
THE LAST 24 HOURS, I-I'VE--
UH, UH, SORRY. LET ME--
LET ME PUT THAT ANOTHER WAY.
WHAT BROUGHT YOU IN TODAY?
I'M SORRY. WHAT'S WRONG
WITH... (clears throat)
ASKING HIM HOW HE FEELS?
THAT COULD TAKE US
DOWN THE WRONG ROAD,
AND BECAUSE YOUR TIME
IS VALUABLE TO US,
WE DON'T WANT TO GET OFF
ON ANY TANGENTS.
MM. WELL, IF YOU ASK HIM
HOW HE'S FEELING,
MAYBE HE'LL TELL YOU THAT
HE'S...
HE'S BLUE, 'CAUSE...
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, HIS COMPANY
WAS JUST PURCHASED
BY A BIGGER COMPANY...
YEAH.
THAT HE DOESN'T LIKE.
AND, YOU KNOW, HE CAN'T
TALK TO ME ABOUT IT
'CAUSE... (laughs)
I'M THE SELF-INVOLVED TYPE.
(laughs)
YOU KNOW, WE JUST, LIKE,
YOU KNOW, SHOP ONLINE
AND REDECORATE THE HOUSE.
AND SO HE'S BEEN--
HE'S BEEN, UH, HANGING OUT
AT THE... LOCAL WATERING HOLE,
WHERE HE HAS BEEN
BUMMING CIGARETTES.
AND, UH, NOW HE'S EXPERIENCING
SHORTNESS OF BREATH.
(coughing)
SO IF YOU ASK HIM
WHAT BROUGHT HIM IN TODAY,
HE'S JUST GONNA TELL YOU
"SHORTNESS OF BREATH."
AND THEN YOU'D MISS THE WHOLE
CIGARETTE CONNECTION. (laughs)
(coughs)
I ASK ABOUT SMOKING
ON SCREEN TWO.
FINE. WHATEVER.
OKAY, LET ME GET BACK
TO SCREEN ONE.
(clicks)
(error tone beeps)
DARN IT.
THE SCREEN FROZE.
(click)
(beep)
SORRY.
TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES.
UH, I'M GONNA HAVE TO
EXIT THE SYSTEM...
(clicking)
AND TAKE US BACK
TO THE TOP.
UH, IT-IT-IT'S OKAY.
UH, TAKE--TAKE YOUR TIME.
(beep)
CAN'T REALLY DO THAT.
WE'VE ONLY GOT 15 MINUTES
TOGETHER TODAY.
(clicks)
THERE WE GO.
MR. PLANTAIN,
CAN YOU SPELL THAT
FOR ME?
(phone rings)
WOW. THEY REALLY
CLEARED THE PLACE OUT.
OKAY, WHERE DO WE START?
YOU CAN START
BY GUARDING THE DOOR.
HEY, NO ONE
CAN KNOW ABOUT THIS.
NO ONE COMES IN.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
MM-HMM.
OKAY.
(exhales)
(Jo) MEDUSA ME ALL YOU WANT.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING IN.
(Meredith) I'M AN ATTENDING
AND I'M ORDERING YOU
TO LET ME IN.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT
MY ATTENDING TODAY, SO--
DON'T MAKE ME FORCE YOU.
I'D LIKE TO SEE YOU TRY.
HEY.
JO. IT'S OKAY.
I PAGED HER. SHE'S COOL.
(elevator bell dings)
I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND.
I WOULD NEVER ORDINARILY
SPEAK TO YOU THAT WAY
AND I LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING
ON YOUR SERVICE AGAIN SOON.
HOW CAN I HELP?
YOU'RE BARELY 18.
YOU KNOW,
WHAT IF YOU WAKE UP,
YOU REALIZE
THIS WAS ALL A MISTAKE?
THIS ISN'T A HAIRCUT
OR SOME MEANINGLESS TATTOO.
THIS IS MY LIFE.
THIS IS ME.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
ALL RIGHT.
YOU FEEL DIFFERENT.
YOU WANT TO BELONG. OKAY.
I GET THAT, BUT YOU HAVE
YOUR WHOLE LIFE AHEAD--
I MEAN, WHAT--WHAT--
WHAT'S THE RUSH?
I'M JUST ASKING
FOR YOU TO WAIT.
BRIAN FEELS LIKE
HE'S DYING INSIDE.
WE BOTH DO.
IF YOU'D LISTEN,
BRIAN WILL TELL YOU THAT
LIVING INSIDE
OF A BODY LIKE THIS--
I'M SORRY.
COULD YOU JUST...
GIVE US A MOMENT ALONE?
NO, I-I DON'T WANT HER
TO GO.
AND I DON'T WANT YOU
MUTILATING YOURSELF!
I'M NOT!
BRIAN'S JUST TRYING TO BE--
OH, FOR GOD SAKE.
HER NAME IS BRIANNA!
DAD, JUST GET OUT.
GO.
JUST GET OUT!
YOU HEARD HIM.
I JUST SNAGGED A MONITOR,
A VENTILATOR,
AND CENTRAL LINE KITS.
I HAVE SALINE,
INFUSION PUMPS,
A CRASH CART,
AND CRISTINA.
I'M SORRY.
THEY OVERPOWERED ME.
THE FEWER PEOPLE WHO KNOW
ABOUT THIS, THE BETTER GUYS.
I BROUGHT LACKEYS.
WHAT?
NO, I DON'T NEED INTERNS.
NO, THIS ROOM HAS
THREE INTERNAL EXITS.
YOU HAVE A LOOKOUT
ON ONE.
HAPPY, PONYTAIL,
YOU MAN THE DOORS.
MOUSY, UM, BE THE NURSE.
WE NEED GLOVES.
ON IT.
WHY DO I HAVE TO BE
THE NURSE?
WE ARE GONNA NEED LIGHTS.
NO, IF I TURN ON
MORE OVERHEADS...
(cell phone rings)
YOU CAN SEE IT FROM THE HALLWAY.
(beeps)
WE CAN USE THOSE.
HELLO. YEP. OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
THEY'RE PULLING UP NOW.
LET'S GO.
(brakes squeak)
(thuds)
OH!
OH, JEEZ.
I'M OKAY.
THAT'S WHY
WE NEEDED INTERNS.
THE DOOR WON'T OPEN?
WATCH THE I.V.s.
HURRY.
(Matthew) APRIL,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I DON'T KNOW. JACKSON?
JACKSON!
(Jackson, strained voice) PULL.
(strained voice)
IT'S STARTING TO GIVE.
(groans)
MORE! MORE!
GO SIT DOWN, MER.
OH, COME ON. JUST BECAUSE
MY UTERUS IS OCCUPIED--
GO SIT DOWN. I'M NOT KIDDING.
GIVE ME YOUR SPOT.
(all grunt)
WHAT--
DON'T WORRY.
I DITCHED MY P.R. CHICK
BEFORE I GOT DOWN HERE.
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT WE--
I PAGED HIM.
YOU'VE GOT AN INCOMING KID.
YOU'RE GONNA NEED
KID-SIZED EQUIPMENT.
I BROUGHT A PEDS CART
WITH A BUNCH OF CRAP.
ALL RIGHT.
ARE WE DOING THIS?
ALL RIGHT, GUYS,
ON MY COUNT.
ONE, TWO, THREE!
(all grunting
and speaking indistinctly)
GO, GO, GO, GO.
GO. COME ON, GUYS.
WE NEED TO DO RAPID SEQUENCE
INTUBATION, STAT!
(Nicole)
WE COULD ONLY GET A 20-
AND A 22-GAUGE IN THE FIELD.
I'LL START A CENTRAL LINE.
I NEED SOME LACTATED RINGERS.
ON IT.
I GOT IT.
I CAN SEE THE CORDS.
PARALYTICS ARE WORKING.
ALL RIGHT, UH, I-I NEED
AN E.T. TUBE.
ORANGE DRAWER. ORANGE DRAWER.
I KNEW THAT.
NO CHEST SOUNDS ON THE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO THROW IN A CHEST TUBE.
(Heather) UH, I THINK I SAW
BETADINE SOMEWHERE.
WAIT A SECOND. DOES ANYBODY
ACTUALLY HAVE CHEST TUBES?
(emergency radio chatter)
(Meredith) I'M TRYING TO SET UP
THIS SALINE DRIP,
AND I CAN'T GET THIS THING
TO STOP BEEPING.
ANYONE?
I CAN GIVE IT A SHOT.
ALL RIGHT, I'M NOT FINDING
CHEST TUBES NOW,
BUT I GOT N.G. TUBES. DID
ANYBODY ACTUALLY BRING SUCTION?
UH, THERE'S A PORTABLE
SUCTION IN THE RIG.
OKAY.
I'LL GO GET IT.
THANK YOU.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
INCOMING!
LIGHTS.
(beeping continues)
(people speaking indistinctly)
(puffing air)
ALL CLEAR.
(light switches click)
I'M IN. BROOKS, BAG HIM.
SO DR. AVERY
IS TAKING A POWER NAP.
HE LIKES TO REST UP
BEFORE BIG SURGERIES.
AND DR. KAREV HAD
A DENTIST APPOINTMENT.
EVEN DOCTORS HAVE TO GO
TO THE DOCTOR.
MEANWHILE, HAVE YOU SEEN
THE SKIN LAB
WHERE DR. AVERY
GROWS ACTUAL SKIN?
COME ON.
OKAY, I'M BACK. I GOT IT.
(Alex) HELP ME SECURE
THIS N.G. TUBE.
ALL RIGHT, HOOK IT UP
SO WE CAN SUCTION.
OKAY, WHO'S GOT
THE PORTABLE ULTRASOUND?
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
WE DON'T HAVE ONE?
(suction gurgling)
HAPPY?
ON IT.
(Meredith) WILSON, GET IN HERE.
WE NEED SOME MORE HANDS.
IF THIS KID DIES BECAUSE
YOU BROUGHT RED ALONG
ON SAME LAME IDEA
OF A DATE...
THE RIDE ALONG
WAS A DATE?
I NEED SOME 4x4s TO CONTROL
THE BLEEDING ON THE SCALP.
ALL THREE LINES ARE PATENT.
WE CAN START DOPAMINE
AT 5 MICS PER KILO PER MINUTE,
BUT WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT
HIS I.V. DRIP RATE.
IT'S DIFFERENT FOR KIDS,
DEPENDING ON SIZE.
UM, ANYBODY HAVE A CALCULATOR?
I ALWAYS ASK A NURSE.
(huffs)
NOT A REAL NURSE.
BROSELOW TAPE SAYS
SAYS HE'S 30 KILOS.
STANDARD CONCENTRATION OF
DOPAMINE IS 1,600 MICS PER cc.
SO 5 TIMES 30 IS 150
TIMES 60 MINUTES IN AN HOUR
IS 9,000.
DIVIDE THAT BY 1,600.
INFUSION RATE IS 5.625 cc's
PER HOUR.
(beeping continues)
WHAT?
I'M REALLY GOOD AT MATH.
OKAY, LET'S, UH,
GIVE HIM 5.6--
EXCEPT WE DON'T HAVE
ANY DOPAMINE, GUYS.
WE DON'T HAVE ACCESS TO ANY
NON-CODE MEDICATIONS AT ALL
UNLESS WE HAVE A NURSE
OR A CODE--
YES, YOU DO.
YOU PAGED HIM, TOO?
WELL, I KNEW
WE WERE GONNA NEED MEDS.
I HAVE THE CODES. TELL ME
WHAT THE PATIENT NEEDS.
(man speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
(scoffs) "DON'T SMOKE"?
THAT WAS HIS BIG ADVICE?
UH, YEAH, HE EXAMINED ME
AND FOUND NOTHING WRONG,
WHICH IN FACT,
IS THE CASE.
OH, HE WAS AN IDIOT.
AND NOW I FEEL LIKE
AN IDIOT.
(lowered voice)
WE'RE JUST WANDERING AROUND.
WE LOOK LIKE INTERLOPERS.
(lowered voice) HEY, YOU KNOW,
LET'S GRAB A CUP OF COFFEE.
YOU ALWAYS LOOK LIKE
YOU BELONG
WHEN YOU'RE CARRYING
A COFFEE.
AH.
YEAH.
NO, WALK WITH PURPOSE.
DON'T LOOK SHIFTY.
I DON'T.
OKAY. OH, LOOK.
OKAY.
(man) WANT TO MAKE SURE
WE'RE ON THE SAME PAGE.
(woman) THAT MAKES SENSE.
(man) I THINK
ONE MORE DIAGNOSTIC--
(man) DO WE HAVE TIME
FOR THAT?
JUST ONE?
I THINK WE'RE PRETTY GOOD.
(man) ALL RIGHT.
(clears throat loudly)
15 MINUTES A PATIENT?
CAN A DOCTOR LEARN ANYTHING
IN THAT LITTLE TIME?
HUH?
YOU GET REALLY EFFICIENT.
AND PATIENT OUTCOMES
DON'T SUFFER?
WOW. YOU'RE THAT EFFICIENT?
ARE YOU VISITING
A PATIENT?
HMM? OH, UH,
I'M RICHARD WEBBER.
THIS IS MY COLLEAGUE,
UH, CALLIE TORRES.
(elevator bell dings)
UM, WE'RE WITH PEGASUS,
AND WE JUST WANTED TO CHECK IN,
GET A LITTLE FEEDBACK.
SEE IF YOU HAD
ANY CONCERNS.
(ding)
REALLY?
REALLY.
OH.
(all chuckling)
OKAY, YOU NEED PROPOFOL...
(beeps)
GENTAMICIN AND, UH...
YOU WILL BE REALLY IMPRESSED
BY OUR NEXT STOP...
DOPAMINE.
DOWNSTAIRS,
WHICH WILL BE THE SITE
FOR OUR NEW HERNIA CLINIC.
(whispers)
GET DOWN THERE NOW.
OKAY.
ALANA.
IS THIS THE GROUP
FROM PEGASUS YOU MENTIONED?
HI, I'M DR. SHEPHERD.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
HI, VERY NICE TO MEET YOU.
HOW'S THE TOUR GOING?
GOOD?
WE LIKE WHAT WE'RE SEEING
SO FAR.
OH, I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT.
YOU KNOW THIS IS MORE
THAN JUST A HOSPITAL
FOR A LOT OF US.
AND I DON'T WANT
TO SOUND CHEESY, BUT IT'S, UH,
IT'S LIKE FAMILY.
IT'S LIKE HOME.
GOOD.
HEY, HAVE YOU EVER SEEN
A HUMAN BRAIN UP CLOSE?
I CAN'T SAY THAT I HAVE.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I'M GONNA
GIVE YOU THE UNOFFICIAL TOUR
BY WAY OF
THE THIRD-FLOOR COFFEE CART.
WE'LL HAVE SOME COFFEE FIRST.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
IT'S A LITTLE TASTE
OF SEATTLE.
(sighs deeply)
I'VE GOT FREE FLUID
IN THE LEFT UPPER QUADRANT.
CRAP. WHAT TIME IS IT?
WE HAVE SURGERY ON BRIAN
IN 20 MINUTES.
CAHILL WILL DEFINITELY NOTICE
IF WE DON'T SHOW.
IF YOU GUYS NEED TO GO, GO.
WE CAN HANDLE THIS.
LOOK, I'M SEEING
A PNEUMOPERICARDIUM.
OKAY, WE SHOULD PUT IN
ANOTHER CHEST TUBE ON THE LEFT,
JUST TO BE SURE.
WELL, THIS KID NEEDS
AN O.R.
GUYS, WE'VE GOTTA MOVE HIM.
WE CAN'T. NOT TILL WE HAVE
SOMEPLACE FOR HIM TO GO.
THERE'S NO TIME. CAHILL'S ON
HER WAY DOWN HER RIGHT NOW.
(whispers) OKAY.
WE'RE STAYING.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
ARE YOU HUNGRY?
CAN I BUY YOU LUNCH?
ACTUALLY, WE HAVE
A VERY TIGHT SCHEDULE.
WE NEED TO GET DOWN
TO THE HERNIA CLINIC NOW.
(elevator bell dings)
OH, YEAH.
(elevator doors open)
OKAY.
(people speaking indistinctly)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHY DON'T I JOIN YOU?
(sighs)
WE GOTTA MOVE THE RIG.
IT'S STILL PARKED OUTSIDE.
IT'S OKAY. GO.
(Jackson) MOVE, GUYS. MOVE!
HURRY!
WE GOTTA GET
THIS THING MOBILE.
(monitor beeping erratically)
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE'S BRADYING DOWN.
WE GOTTA KEEP MOVING.
I'M NOT GETTING A PULSE!
(Meredith)
ROSS, START C.P.R.
DAMN IT. HIS TRACHEA IS
DEVIATED TO THE LEFT.
HIS SATs ARE DROPPING.
I THINK HE HAS A TENSION PNEUMO.
HE HAS BILATERAL CHEST TUBES.
IT MUST HAVE GOTTEN BLOCKED.
SOMEONE FIND ME A 14-GAUGE
CANNULA OR A 16-GAUGE.
WHATEVER YOU CAN FIND,
THE BIGGEST.
UM, GOT IT!
GUYS, WHAT ABOUT CAHILL?
OH, GOD. WHAT--
WHAT IF HE DIES?
WHAT IF WE BROUGHT HIM HERE
AND WHAT IF HE DIES?
HERNIAS ARE ONE OF
THE MOST COMMON
GENERAL SURGERY PROCEDURES.
AND AS IT TURNS OUT,
ALSO ONE OF THE MOST LUCRATIVE.
WHY DID I AGREE TO THIS?
(Jo) GUYS, WE GOTTA
KEEP MOVING.
(indistinct shouting)
(Cristina) I CAN'T EVEN THINK!
WE HAVE TO MOVE!
CAHILL'S COMING DOWN
RIGHT NOW. IF WE DON'T MOVE--
WE'RE MOVING. YANG.
WAIT ONE SECOND. ONE SECOND.
NOW KEEP IN MIND,
THE SITE
IS STILL UNDER CONSTRUCTION,
BUT YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO USE
A LITTLE IMAGINATION.
BEFORE WE GO IN THERE,
I'D LIKE TO, UH...
(switches click)
(sighs)
OKAY, RIGHT THIS WAY.
AND, UH, WATCH YOUR STEP
PLEASE.
LAST MONTH, I HAD TO DO
A CARDIAC CATH ON A PATIENT
WITH NO SIGNS
OF HEART DISEASE.
IT'S PUTTING THE PATIENT
AT RISK FOR NO REASON.
FORGET PHYSICIAN ADVOCACY.
IT DOESN'T EXIST.
WE HAVE NO SAY IN ANYTHING...
AT ALL.
YEAH, AND IF YOU DECIDE
TO GO CRAZY
AND THINK FOR YOURSELF,
THEY KNOW, LIKE, INSTANTLY.
I SWEAR
THE WALLS HAVE EARS.
ARE YOU THE REPS
FROM PEGASUS?
UH, DR. WEBBER AND DR. TORRES.
OH.
(indistinct conversations)
HI.
CALLIE TORRES...
FROM SEATTLE GRACE?
UH, I'M--DO I--
DO I KNOW YOU?
NO. KENTON GILES.
I'M AN ORTHO JUST LIKE YOU.
(elevator bell dings)
OH.
YEAH, I READ ALL ABOUT YOUR
CARTILAGE GENERATION WORK.
IT'S INCREDIBLE. (laughs)
(laughs)
I DIDN'T REALIZE
YOU STOPPED PRACTICING.
SO YOU WORK FOR PEGASUS NOW?
YEAH.
YEAH, I GUESS I...
(clears throat)
NEEDED A... (stammers) I NEEDED
TO MIX IT UP A LITTLE, SO...
SHE PEAKED, YOU KNOW,
WITH THE CARTILAGE GENERATION.
UH, YOU KNOW,
SOMETIMES IT'S BEST
TO GET OUT BEFORE YOU DECLINE.
YEAH.
(ding)
(clears throat)
AND AFTER THE ANESTHESIA
IS ADMINISTERED,
BRIAN WILL BE READY
FOR SURGERY.
AND WHEN EXACTLY
ARE WE GONNA SEE
DOCTORS AVERY AND KAREV AGAIN?
NO OFFENSE, BUT WE'RE HERE
TO TRAIL THEM, NOT YOU.
(laughs)
EDWARDS, NICE WORK.
AH.
NO PROBLEM.
WE'RE READY TO SCRUB IN.
WILSON, COULD YOU SHOW
OUR FRIENDS UP TO THE GALLERY?
YOU GUYS CAN WATCH
FROM UP THERE.
(Jo) MM-HMM.
YOU HAVE A LITTLE BIT OF BLOOD
ON YOUR LEFT SHOULDER.
EVERYONE, RIGHT THIS WAY.
(Alex) HERE WE GO.
(Alana) BY STREAMLINING
THE PROCESS,
WE WILL SIGNIFICANTLY DECREASE
THE HOSPITAL'S
HERNIA COMPLICATION RATE...
(speaks indistinctly)
AND BECOME A DESTINATION
MEDICAL CENTER.
HOW MANY PATIENTS
WILL THIS PLACE
ACCOMMODATE AT A TIME?
UPWARDS OF 30...
(man and woman
speak indistinctly)
ONCE EVERYTHING IS...
FINISHED.
♪♪♪
SHEPHERD, UH,
WOULD YOU MIND TAKING OVER?
UH, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME.
RIGHT. UH, YES.
♪♪♪
(train whistle blows)
I WAS GONNA TRY
A SIMILAR RESEARCH PROJECT,
BUT NOW THAT I'M
THE FACE OF PORTLAND GEN,
I DON'T HAVE
THAT KIND OF TIME.
REALLY?
YEAH.
I DO A LOT OF PRESS.
ABOUT ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY?
THAT'S GREAT.
WELL, MORE LIKE, YOU KNOW,
WELLNESS, NUTRITION,
GET EIGHT HOURS SLEEP,
TAKE A WALK.
UH, SOMETIMES I DO
A PHOTO OP IN THE O.R.
THEY DON'T WANT TO SHOOT
A REAL PERSON,
SO THEY HAVE ME CUTTING
A CHICKEN BREAST OR SOMETHING.
(chuckles)
OH.
WELL, I WORK ON
THE PORTLAND TRAILBLAZERS,
THOUGH.
REAL GUYS, NOT CHICKENS.
(laughs)
YEAH.
YEAH, THAT'S--THAT'S GOOD.
NOTHING INNOVATIVE LIKE
DR. TORRES DOES.
OR... DID,
I GUESS I SHOULD SAY.
Y-YOU KNOW WHAT? UH...
I WAS WONDERING,
CAN THIS STAY BETWEEN US,
NOT GET BACK TO PEGASUS?
NOTHING YOU SAY TO US
WILL EVER GET BACK TO PEGASUS.
GREAT.
WELL, NOW THAT
YOU'RE NOT PRACTICING...
IS THERE AN ORTHO OPENING
AT SEATTLE GRACE?
(men) ♪ IT COMES AND GOES,
IT COMES AND GOES SO EASILY ♪
WELL, I HOPE YOU GET IT,
THE BRAND AMBASSADOR THING.
I DON'T WANT TO BE
THE FACE OF ANY HOSPITAL
WHERE I HAVE TO SNEAK AROUND
AND RISK MY JOB
JUST TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
SCREW THAT.
I HOPE YOU GET IT.
♪ I'M NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP ♪
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
THIS KEYHOLE INCISION IS DONE.
WE'RE READY
TO BEGIN CLOSING.
WHO ARE YOU OPERATING ON,
DR. AVERY?
UM...
MY TRANSGENDER PATIENT,
WHY?
♪ SPOTLIGHT ♪
♪ I'VE GOT A SPOTLIGHT
ON YOU ♪
(sighs)
WHAT DID YOU DO?
♪♪♪
THIS PART OF THE LUNG
IS FRIED.
I'M GONNA HAVE TO DO
A RESECTION.
THE SPLEEN IS OUT.
(April) LET'S IRRIGATE
WITH ANTIBIOTIC SOLUTION.
(Alana)
DOES SOMEBODY WANT TO TELL ME
WHERE THE HELL THIS PATIENT
CAME FROM?
WHOSE PATIENT IS THIS?
♪ ON YOU ♪
FINE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO TELL US.
WE CAN JUST LOOK IT UP.
ALL I NEED
IS THE PATIENT'S NAME.
WAIT. NO, UM--
I CAN DO IT. I'LL LOOK IT UP.
IT'S MY PATIENT. YOU GOT THIS?
THANK YOU, DR. GREY.
APPRECIATE YOUR COOPERATION.
SURE. NO PROBLEM.
I'M HAPPY TO. OKAY.
I JUST HAVE TO GET INTO
THE PATIENT FILE.
(clicks, beeps)
OH, NO.
WHAT?
(beeps)
THIS KEEPS HAPPENING TO ME.
I TRY TO GO
INTO THE PATIENT FILE
AND I GUESS
I DELETED IT.
♪♪♪
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
WHAT HAPPENED?
CAHILL FIGURED IT OUT?
THEY'RE TAKING US IN
ONE AT A TIME
TO SEE WHO'LL BREAK FIRST.
I CAN'T LIE.
I'M NO GOOD AT IT.
THEY'LL SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME.
STAY STRONG, DOPEY.
YOU CAN DO IT.
THEY STARTED
WITH THE INTERNS.
(Owen) I'M JUST TRYING
TO FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENED.
YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT HAPPENED.
A KID WAS DYING,
AND WE KEPT HIM ALIVE.
DR. KAREV, HELLO.
YOU MENTIONED
THE WORD "WE."
WHO ELSE WAS INVOLVED?
(door opens)
(Jackson) I WAS.
THIS WAS MY CALL.
I TOOK THE KID IN.
I DECIDED TO TREAT HIM.
(Alex) WE DID THE RIGHT THING.
WE SAVED HIS LIFE.
AND THAT'S WHAT MATTERS.
NOT THESE IDIOTIC NEW POLICIES
OR SOME STUPID AD CAMPAIGN.
SO YOU CAN PUNISH US
HOWEVER YOU WANT.
WE DON'T CARE BECAUSE--
THAT'S ENOUGH.
(sighs)
JUST... GO.
OH, THAT'S IT? YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO DISCIPLINE THEM OR--
GO.
YOU PAGED ME?
NO.
YES.
WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
MY PRESENCE SEEMS TO HAVE
IGNITED AN UPRISING,
WHICH MAKES IT A LITTLE TOUGH
FOR ME TO DO MY JOB,
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU
HELP THEM.
WHAT?
IT WAS YOUR CODE
THAT ACCESSED
THE MEDICATION CASE
ON FLOOR FIVE.
(mutters)
IS THAT TRUE?
(sighs)
THAT STUFF YOU SAID,
DR. SHEPHERD,
ABOUT HOW THIS HOSPITAL
IS SUCH A FAMILY?
MM-HMM.
IT WAS LOVELY, REALLY.
I EVEN THINK YOU MEANT IT.
BUT IT MEANS NOTHING
IF THERE IS NO HOSPITAL.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
THIS STUNT
WOULD'VE COST THIS PLACE
IF THAT KID HAD DIED
ON OUR WATCH?
PEGASUS WOULD'VE BACKED OUT.
AND WITHOUT THEM,
YOU'RE DONE.
I AM TRYING TO HELP YOU.
BUT I CAN'T DO THAT
IF YOU ARE UNDERMINING ME
AT EVERY TURN.
IF YOU CARE ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS HOSPITAL
OR THE PEOPLE IN IT,
THEN IT'S TIME THAT YOU
GET ON BOARD.
OTHERWISE THE NEXT DOORS
TO CLOSE WILL BE YOURS.
(indistinct conversations)
JESS, THE SURGERY
WENT VERY WELL.
(Jackson) BRIAN SHOULD BE
IN RECOVERY SOON.
YOU'LL BE ABLE
TO VISIT HIM THEN.
(Phosphorescent's
"Song for Zula" playing)
MR. WESTON?
IS THAT YOU?
I'M SORRY.
I JUST WANT TO HEAR
HOW BRI--
HOW EVERYTHING WENT.
I SENT YOU THE E-MAIL
LAST NIGHT.
NOT BRIAN. IT WAS ME.
HE WASN'T GONNA TELL YOU.
I KNOW YOU GUYS
DON'T TALK THAT MUCH
SINCE HE MOVED OUT,
BUT... HE TALKS ABOUT YOU
A LOT.
HE ADMIRES YOU.
I THINK HE WANTS TO GROW UP
AND BE YOU.
AND YOU'RE HIS DAD.
IT WAS A MAJOR SURGERY.
I THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW.
I GET WHY YOU BLAME ME
FOR THIS.
HE MET ME
AND STARTED CHANGING--
DRESSING DIFFERENTLY
AND ACTING DIFFERENTLY.
BUT...
I'M NOT...
IT'S HARD...
BEING LIKE US...
TRYING TO FIT INTO THIS--
THIS MOLD THAT
DOESN'T FIT.
HE JUST WANTS YOU
TO LOVE HIM, MR. WESTON...
THE WAY HE LOVES YOU.
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU
BECAUSE HE DIDN'T WANT
TO MESS THAT UP.
♪♪♪
(paper rustles)
YOU GUYS OKAY ON RENT?
HERE.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE ON ME.
YOU DON'T WANT TO BE THERE
WHEN HE WAKES UP?
♪ SEE, THE CAGE IT CALLED ♪
♪ AND I SAID, "COME ON IN" ♪
♪ I WILL NOT OPEN MYSELF UP
THIS WAY AGAIN ♪
(Alex)
CHANGE IS A FUNNY THING.
(sighs)
(tablet error tone beeps)
NOT EVERYONE CAN HANDLE IT.
(clicks touch screen)
HEY.
SO I KNOW YOU KEEP SAYING
THAT YOU AND WILSON
AREN'T A THING.
'CAUSE WE'RE NOT.
(clicks)
WELL, MAYBE YOU SHOULD BE.
SHE KINDA KICKED ASS TODAY.
JUST SAYING.
♪ "COME ON IN" ♪
♪ I WILL NOT OPEN MYSELF UP
THIS WAY AGAIN ♪
COME ON.
COME ON WHERE.
JUST COME ON.
IT CAN SNEAK UP ON YOU.
♪♪♪
HMM.
IT'S FUNNY HOW YOU DON'T
APPRECIATE A THING
UNTIL YOU'RE ABOUT
TO LOSE IT.
NO.
NO, DON'T--
DON'T SAY THAT.
THAT'S...
WE CAN STILL FIGHT THIS.
YOU CAN FIGHT THIS.
ME?
(sighs) I'VE GOT
AN EARLY RETIREMENT PACKAGE
WAITING.
MAYBE I'LL TAKE IT.
GOOD NIGHT, TORRES.
GOOD NIGHT.
♪♪♪
THINGS AREN'T
WHAT THEY USED TO BE.
(sighs)
(siren wails faintly)
(people speaking indistinctly)
MATTHEW?
OH, HEY. I WAS HOPING
TO CATCH YOU.
UH, HOW'S THE, UH, KID?
HE IS DOING GREAT.
(exhales)
HE MADE IT THROUGH SURGERY
WITH FLYING COLORS.
OH, THAT'S--
THAT'S GREAT.
THAT'S, UH, THAT'S GOOD.
YEAH. (exhales)
UH, APRIL, I, UM,
(people continue
speaking indistinctly)
OH, MAN.
(laughs)
I HAD THIS WHOLE THING
THAT I-I WANTED TO SAY
TO YOU,
AND THEN YOU LOOK AT ME,
AND I JUST...
GAH.
OKAY. PULL IT TOGETHER.
UM... (clears throat)
YOU ARE THE STRONGEST,
MOST FEARLESS,
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
I'VE EVER MET.
YOU WERE INCREDIBLE TODAY.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE.
AND, UH...
I LIKE YOU.
I-I REALLY LIKE YOU.
(exhales)
AND I...
JUST THOUGHT
I SHOULD SAY THAT
SO YOU KNEW, BECAUSE I--
(Grizzly Bear) ♪ THE SKY
KEEPS STARING AT ME ♪
♪ FROZEN IN MY TRACKS ♪
♪ NOTHING ELSE TO SEE ♪
YOUR WHOLE WORLD
HAS TRANSFORMED.
♪ ...MY FACE LEFT ♪
♪ YOU'RE ALWAYS
STANDING THERE ♪
WHAT ARE WE DOING IN HERE?
(whispers)
JUST WAIT.
♪ AND EVEN THEN I CAN TRACE ♪
♪ YOU'RE WALKING AWAY ♪
I STOLE THEM FROM
THE NURSES IN DERM. (giggles)
THEY WON'T EAT 'EM ANYWAY.
THEY'RE ALL "NO SUGAR"
AND "GLUTEN-FREE."
(inhales deeply)
CHEERS TO AN INCREDIBLE DAY.
YOU DESERVE IT.
ACTUALLY, I HELPED, TOO.
SO CHEERS TO US.
♪ I PUT MY EARS ♪
MMM.
♪ TO THE GROUND ♪
(mouth full) HEY,
POWDERED SUGAR'S YOUR FAVORITE.
YEAH, NO. THIS IS GREAT.
THANKS.
♪ NOTHING I CAN HEAR,
I FOUND THE WORST HALF ♪
WHAT?
NOTHING.
MM.
YOU REALIZE...
THE GROUND BENEATH YOU
HAS SHIFTED.
♪ ...KNEES ♪
♪ CAN'T EVEN TAKE A STAND ♪
(Owen sighs deeply,
closes door)
♪ AGAINST YOUR WORDS ♪
YOU GUYS ARE KILLING ME.
IT WAS THE RIGHT THING
TO DO.
YEAH.
YOU'RE STILL KILLING ME.
♪♪♪
(sighs)
♪ ALL OF THE YEARS ♪
THINGS ARE UNCERTAIN.
(cell phone buzzes)
(buzzes)
(Cristina) MM.
(cell phone rings)
AND THERE'S NO TURNING BACK.
SHE'S NOT ANSWERING.
I REALLY WANT TO WAIT
FOR CRISTINA.
OKAY, FINE. FINE.
LET'S WAIT FOR CRISTINA.
LET'S JUST WAIT DOWNSTAIRS
WHERE IT'S WARM.
(Derek) YEAH.
NO, WE CAN'T.
THE WALLS HAVE EARS.
I'M OUTTA HERE.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
UH, LOOK, I CALLED
THIS MEETING
BECAUSE WE CAN'T JUST KEEP
OUR HEADS DOWN AND LAY LOW.
OKAY, WE'RE THE REASON
THE HOSPITAL'S IN TROUBLE.
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
WE CAN'T LET PEGASUS
TAKE OVER.
WE HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY.
WHICH IS WHY I THINK
WE SHOULD BUY
THE HOSPITAL OURSELVES.
♪ ... AGAIN ♪
♪ I NEVER SEEM TO SEE ♪
(bell dings)
THE WORLD AROUND YOU
IS DIFFERENT NOW...
♪ DO I ALWAYS FEEL IT ♪
SIR.
UNRECOGNIZABLE...
♪ IN MY EYES ♪
AND THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
♪ A GUIDE ♪
YOU'RE STUCK.
(drops bag on floor)
THE FUTURE'S
STARING YOU IN THE FACE.
AND YOU'RE NOT SURE
YOU LIKE WHAT YOU SEE.
LIKE I SAID,
I'M NOT BIG INTO CHANGE.
♪♪♪